website/docs/r/log_analytics_cluster.html.markdown, before:

---
subcategory: "Log Analytics"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_log_analytics_cluster"
description: |-
  Manages a Log Analytics Cluster.
---

# azurerm_log_analytics_cluster


~> **Important** Due to capacity constraints, Microsoft requires you to pre-register your subscription IDs before you are allowed to create a Log Analytics cluster. Contact Microsoft, or open a support request to register your subscription IDs.

Manages a Log Analytics Cluster.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_log_analytics_cluster" "example" {
  name                = "example-cluster"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location

  identity {
    type = "SystemAssigned"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Log Analytics Cluster. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Log Analytics Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Log Analytics Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `identity` - (Required)  A `identity` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `key_vault_property` - (Optional)  A `key_vault_property` block as defined below.

* `size_gb` - (Optional) The capacity of the Log Analytics Cluster specified in GB/day. Defaults to 1000.

~> **NOTE:** The `size_gb` can be in the range of 1000 to 3000 GB per day and must be in steps of 100 GB. For `size_gb` levels higher than 3000 GB per day, please contact your Microsoft contact to enable it.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Log Analytics Cluster.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the identity type of the Log Analytics Cluster. At this time the only allowed value is `SystemAssigned`.

~> **NOTE:** The assigned `principal_id` and `tenant_id` can be retrieved after the identity `type` has been set to `SystemAssigned` and the Log Analytics Cluster has been created. More details are available below.

---

An `key_vault_property` block exports the following:

* `key_name` - (Optional) The name of the key associated with the Log Analytics cluster.

* `key_vault_uri` - (Optional) The Key Vault uri which holds they key associated with the Log Analytics cluster.

* `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key associated with the Log Analytics cluster.

~> **NOTE:** Customer-Managed Key capability is regional. Your Azure Key Vault, cluster and linked Log Analytics workspaces must be in the same region, but they can be in different subscriptions.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Log Analytics Cluster.

* `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

* `cluster_id` - The ID of the cluster.

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Log Analytics Cluster.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Log Analytics Cluster.

-> You can access the Principal ID via `azurerm_log_analytics_cluster.example.identity.0.principal_id` and the Tenant ID via `azurerm_log_analytics_cluster.example.identity.0.tenant_id`

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 6 hours) Used when creating the Log Analytics Cluster.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Log Analytics Cluster.
* `update` - (Defaults to 6 hours) Used when updating the Log Analytics Cluster.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Log Analytics Cluster.

## Import

Log Analytics Clusters can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_log_analytics_cluster.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourcegroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/clusters/cluster1
```

Commit message:

Add key property check again

website/docs/r/log_analytics_cluster.html.markdown, after:

---
subcategory: "Log Analytics"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_log_analytics_cluster"
description: |-
  Manages a Log Analytics Cluster.
---

# azurerm_log_analytics_cluster


~> **Important** Due to capacity constraints, Microsoft requires you to pre-register your subscription IDs before you are allowed to create a Log Analytics cluster. Contact Microsoft, or open a support request to register your subscription IDs.

Manages a Log Analytics Cluster.

## Example Usage

```hcl
provider "azurerm" {
  features {}
}

resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_log_analytics_cluster" "example" {
  name                = "example-cluster"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location

  identity {
    type = "SystemAssigned"
  }
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Log Analytics Cluster. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Log Analytics Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `location` - (Required) The Azure Region where the Log Analytics Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `identity` - (Required)  A `identity` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Log Analytics Cluster to be created.

* `key_vault_property` - (Optional)  A `key_vault_property` block as defined below.

* `size_gb` - (Optional) The capacity of the Log Analytics Cluster specified in GB/day. Defaults to 1000.

~> **NOTE:** The `size_gb` can be in the range of 1000 to 3000 GB per day and must be in steps of 100 GB. For `size_gb` levels higher than 3000 GB per day, please contact your Microsoft contact to enable it.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Log Analytics Cluster.

---

An `identity` block supports the following:

* `type` - (Required) Specifies the identity type of the Log Analytics Cluster. At this time the only allowed value is `SystemAssigned`.

~> **NOTE:** The assigned `principal_id` and `tenant_id` can be retrieved after the identity `type` has been set to `SystemAssigned` and the Log Analytics Cluster has been created. More details are available below.

---

An `key_vault_property` block exports the following:

* `key_name` - (Optional) The name of the key associated with the Log Analytics cluster.

* `key_vault_uri` - (Optional) The Key Vault uri which holds they key associated with the Log Analytics cluster.

* `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key associated with the Log Analytics cluster.

~> **NOTE:** You must first successfully provision a Log Analytics cluster before you can configure the Log Analytics cluster for Customer-Managed Keys by defining a `key_vault_property` block. Customer-Managed Key capability is regional. Your Azure Key Vault, cluster and linked Log Analytics workspaces must be in the same region, but they can be in different subscriptions.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

* `id` - The ID of the Log Analytics Cluster.

* `identity` - A `identity` block as defined below.

* `cluster_id` - The ID of the cluster.

* `type` - The type of the resource. Ex- Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines or Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts.

---

An `identity` block exports the following:

* `principal_id` - The Principal ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Log Analytics Cluster.

* `tenant_id` - The Tenant ID for the Service Principal associated with the Identity of this Log Analytics Cluster.

-> You can access the Principal ID via `azurerm_log_analytics_cluster.example.identity.0.principal_id` and the Tenant ID via `azurerm_log_analytics_cluster.example.identity.0.tenant_id`

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 6 hours) Used when creating the Log Analytics Cluster.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Log Analytics Cluster.
* `update` - (Defaults to 6 hours) Used when updating the Log Analytics Cluster.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Log Analytics Cluster.

## Import

Log Analytics Clusters can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import azurerm_log_analytics_cluster.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourcegroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/clusters/cluster1
```
